c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.dll.config
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.dll
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.pdb
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyApplication\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyApplication\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.dll
c:\users\maxim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MyApplication\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.dll.config
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplication\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplication\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplication\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplication\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV2\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.dll.config
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV2\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV2\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV2\MyApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV2\MyApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV2\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV2\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV2\MyApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV2\MyApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV2\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV2\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV2\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV2\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV2\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV2\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV2\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV2\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV2\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV2\MyApplication\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV2\MyApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV2\MyApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV2\MyApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV2\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV2\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV2\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV2\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV2\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV2\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV2\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV2\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV2\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV2\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV3\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.dll.config
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV3\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV3\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV3\MyApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV3\MyApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV3\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV3\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV3\MyApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV3\MyApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV3\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV3\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV3\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV3\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV3\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV3\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV3\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV3\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV3\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV3\MyApplication\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV3\MyApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV3\MyApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV3\MyApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV3\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV3\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV3\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV3\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV3\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV3\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV3\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV3\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV3\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV3\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV5\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.dll.config
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV5\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV5\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV5\MyApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV5\MyApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV5\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV5\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV5\MyApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV5\MyApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV5\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV5\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV5\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV5\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV5\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV5\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV5\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV5\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV5\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV5\MyApplication\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV5\MyApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV5\MyApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV5\MyApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV5\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV5\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV5\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV5\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV5\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV5\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV5\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV5\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV5\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV5\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV6\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.dll.config
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV6\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV6\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV6\MyApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV6\MyApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV6\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV6\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV6\MyApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV6\MyApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV6\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV6\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV6\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV6\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV6\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV6\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV6\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV6\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV6\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV6\MyApplication\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV6\MyApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV6\MyApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV6\MyApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV6\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV6\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV6\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV6\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV6\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV6\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV6\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV6\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV6\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV6\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV7\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.dll.config
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV7\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV7\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV7\MyApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV7\MyApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV7\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV7\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV7\MyApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV7\MyApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV7\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV7\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV7\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV7\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV7\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV7\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV7\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV7\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV7\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV7\MyApplication\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV7\MyApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV7\MyApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV7\MyApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV7\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV7\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV7\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV7\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV7\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV7\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV7\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV7\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV7\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV7\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV8\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV8\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.dll.config
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV8\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV8\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV8\MyApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV8\MyApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV8\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV8\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV8\MyApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV8\MyApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV8\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV8\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV8\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV8\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV8\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV8\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV8\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV8\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV8\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV8\MyApplication\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV8\MyApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV8\MyApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV8\MyApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV8\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV8\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV8\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV8\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV8\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV8\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV8\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV8\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV8\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV9\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.dll.config
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV9\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV9\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV9\MyApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV9\MyApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV9\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV9\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV9\MyApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV9\MyApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV9\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV9\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV9\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV9\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV9\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV9\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV9\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV9\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV9\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV9\MyApplication\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV9\MyApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV9\MyApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV9\MyApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV9\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV9\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV9\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV9\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV9\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV9\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV9\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV9\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV9\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV9\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV10\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.dll.config
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV10\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV10\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV10\MyApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV10\MyApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV10\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV10\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV10\MyApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV10\MyApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV10\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV10\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV10\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV10\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV10\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV10\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV10\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV10\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV10\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV10\MyApplication\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV10\MyApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV10\MyApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV10\MyApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV10\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV10\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV10\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV10\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV10\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV10\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV10\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV10\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV10\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV10\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV11\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.dll.config
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV11\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV11\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV11\MyApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV11\MyApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV11\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV11\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV11\MyApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV11\MyApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV11\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV11\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV11\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV11\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV11\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV11\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV11\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV11\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV11\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV11\MyApplication\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV11\MyApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV11\MyApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV11\MyApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV11\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV11\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV11\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV11\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV11\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV11\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV11\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV11\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV11\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV11\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV11\MyApplication\bin\PagedList.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV11\MyApplication\bin\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV12\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV12\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV12\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.dll.config
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV12\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV12\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV12\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV12\MyApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV12\MyApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV12\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV12\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV12\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV12\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV12\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV12\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV12\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV12\MyApplication\bin\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV12\MyApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV12\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV12\MyApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV12\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV12\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV12\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV12\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV12\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV12\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV12\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV12\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV13\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.dll.config
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV13\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV13\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV13\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV13\MyApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV13\MyApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV13\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV13\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV13\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV13\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV13\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV13\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV13\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV13\MyApplication\bin\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV13\MyApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV13\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV13\MyApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV13\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV13\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV13\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV13\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV13\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV13\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV13\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV13\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV13\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV13\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV14\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.dll.config
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV14\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV14\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV14\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV14\MyApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV14\MyApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV14\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV14\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV14\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV14\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV14\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV14\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV14\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV14\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV14\MyApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV14\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV14\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV14\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV14\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV14\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV14\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV14\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV14\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV14\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV14\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.dll.config
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.pdb
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\bin\PagedList.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\bin\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\Maxim\Desktop\MyApplicationV15\MyApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\bin\MyApplication.pdb
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\bin\PagedList.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\bin\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.dll
C:\Users\User\Desktop\MyApplicationV15.1\MyApplication\obj\Debug\MyApplication.pdb
